Via, I’m thinking about my future too.
So please...
don’t stop me from doing this.
I’m sorry for what I said.
I shouldn’t have said that.
Thanks, the therapist you
recommended really helped me.
We’re here for you,
we won’t leave you.
Is he not coming back?
Coming back where?
To class.
He’s been absent for a while.
How’s your class?
I don’t have class today.
You’re such a liar.
Acting really does suit you.
Larkin, what are you doing?
I’m not leaving your side.
I’ll trust you,
but Kino, you have
to trust me too, okay?
Promise me too that...
you’ll never think that
you’re a burden to what I’m doing.
Because you’re not, Via.
Okay?
... As our friendship goes?
How was the song?
He confessed, right?
Let’s go.
Via, I love you.
Push me away if
you’re not in love with me.
Via, admit it.
You’re falling for me.
As if.
Excuse me.
You don’t want to admit it?
Push me away if
you’re not in love with me.
Via?
- Ysha!
What do you need from my girlfriend?
- Girlfriend?
- Girl… girlfriend.
- Yeah—
A girl who’s a friend.
A female friend.
Right?
What is it, Ysha?
What do you need?
Do you have a marker, Via?
- A marker?
- Marker?
- I have lots.
- There, a marker!
- I have a lot of markers.
- Here, a marker.
Here you go.
There are so many colors, right?
What are you even using that for?
And go put something on.
Go get dressed. Get dressed.
It’s for my boyfriend.
- Boyfriend?
Yes.
My friend, who is a boy.
He gave me something yesterday.
Boy friend.
Okay.
All right, those are the markers.
Lots of colors.
Okay.
Good night, Ysha.
- Thank you, Via.
- Sure.
Good night, Ysha.
- Okay, don’t stay up too late, okay?
- Good night, Arkin.
I’ve noticed for a long time that
you’ve been wanting to tell me something.
No.
I don’t have anything I want to tell you.
You confessed, didn’t you?
When we fought you said,
“I’m sorry that the way I love hurts.”
I ignored it because I thought
you still saw me as a friend.
But why are you jealous, huh?
Are you jealous of Clea?
No.
No, not at all.
Whether we stay friends
or whatever we become,
nothing’s going to change
between us, right?
Our relationship with each other
will still be the same,
so it is better if we stay like this.
At least nothing gets ruined,
nothing changes, right?
You don’t want us to be in a relationship?
I don’t want to.
Okay.
That’s it?
It doesn’t really matter to me
how you define our relationship.
I’m fine with whatever you’re fine with.
Let’s go to sleep, Via—
Yeah, Kino.
Let’s sleep.
Yeah, I’m getting sleepy.
Good night!
Why do I even love you?
Please welcome our leading actress,
Clea Aguilar.
How many shooting days
have you had so far?
Has anyone’s attitude changed
since your first meeting?
Actually,
since day one,
Arkin has always been a gentleman.
And as the days go by,
I find myself noticing more
of his good qualities.
And yeah, I’m really excited
to get to know him more.
He is such a genuine person.
If only you knew how kind Clea is.
I am not kidding.
I am sure people would love her even more
if they saw how good her heart is everyday.
Speaking of hearts,
is there a chance you could
be part of Clea’s good heart?
I love you.
I don’t want to hide how I feel anymore.
I’m tired of avoiding you.
Avoiding us.
I want to work things out with you.
Even if it hurts me.
Because I’m sure of what I feel.
Because…
I’m sure that you’re the one I want.
I’ve loved you from before until now.
And I promise,
I will never hurt you.
What was that?
Why—
- Why?
- What’s with your face?
Why, what’s wrong with it?
I was just getting into the scene.
I even forgot Clea’s line.
- What was it again?
- Whatever!
What was her line?
- The script is good, right?
- Where is it?
Our writers are really good.
Yeah.
It’s good.
It’s romantic.
Your movie is really good.
Does it feel real?
By the way, how
is Clea as a co-worker?
Is she nice?
Does she have an attitude?
She is not hard to work with?
Is she easy to get along with?
She is nice.
Kinda intimidating.
You can tell that she
is an A-list celebrity.
At least...
she makes your job easier.
That is also because of you, of course.
Via, thank you for everything, okay?
Like right now.
You help me rehearse
my script and my scenes.
And you still pack food
for me to bring to the set like before.
Thank you.
I know you are busy
but you still do all this.
I am happy to do this for you, Kino.
- One more time?
- All right.
Where did we stop?
Why is it like that? Why—
How do I do it?
Do you really have to do it like that?
It is not like that on TV.
I am trying to feel the moment.
And earlier, when you said your line, you
sounded like you were reciting a poem.
Am I an actor?
But of course I should feel something too,
so you should put in some effort.
What’s with the face?
Here with us today is the
most handsome of them all,
- the sexiest,
- It’s Arkin!
and the most talented actor,
Mr. Larkin Sanchez.
Hi everyone, this is Larkin Sanchez.
So cute.
So, to answer everyone’s question,
is Larkin Sanchez still single?
Yeah, I’m single.
I don’t see myself getting
into a relationship right now,
I want to focus on my career first.
- That is such a celebrity answer—
- I saw your pictures with Clea.
Via!
You two look so close
and your chemistry is really strong.
So we are all excited to watch your movie.
I’m also excited for all
of you to see our movie.
Clea and I worked hard on it.
She’s fun to work with,
she really guides me.
You know she is already
a veteran in this industry, right?
So if you’re watching right now, hi!
Thank you, Madam Clea.
Clea is really amazing, right, Via?
You know, she actually won
Best Actress for their last movie.
“Do not change or erase history.”
“It is carved into our wounds.”
She was really great in that role.
And people are talking.
Is it true that you two
will have a kissing scene?
Oh my gosh, Via,
they said there’s a kissing scene.
Is there a kissing scene?
Just wait for it.
Let’s see in the movie.
Watch out for it.
I’ll definitely watch out for that.
Why’d you turn it off, Via?
Huh?
Oh, sorry. I’m sorry,
I accidentally pressed it.
Maybe it’s broken, it won’t turn on.
You two should just study.
You have a quiz tomorrow, right?
And you, careful with your fingers,
you might accidentally cut them.
You better be careful!
And you, just sleep.
How do you feel about their kissing scene?
Nothing.
It’s just work.
Larkin Sanchez and Clea Zorel Aguilar?
They look good together!
Yeah. I’m excited for their new movie!
You know, I think...
if their love team becomes
a hit, it will be official.
Because they already have
so many fans right now.
There are Aunties of ArClea,
Uncles of ArClea,
Shippers of ArClea.
Should we join them?
All right. Okay.
You look like you’re about
to spike a volleyball.
We’re not joining that.
I’m also going to leave the account.
- Look, it’s Via.
- There she is.
Via, are you close with Larkin?
He follows you.
No, we’re not close.
- Wow.
- You’re lucky.
- So lucky.
Do you talk to each other?
I wish he’d follow me too.
Not really.
We don’t talk that often.
But you know,
I feel like there’s something going
on between him and Clea.
Do you know something?
Spill the tea.
Sure, you guys can go eat over there.
Wow, stingy with information.
Go ahead.
You guys are close, huh?
I’m sorry.
You’re getting dragged into my mood.
I just don’t like any kind of
attention that comes from Kino’s fame.
Good thing my social media is private.
Via, come to our mall show.
It’s really close to you.
Let’s go!
I don’t want to.
What if my fated person is there?
Wow, there are so many people.
You mean so many people
being tricked by Arkin.
What the heck, we don’t
even have any seats?
- What is up with our buddy?
- Jeez.
Nevermind, let’s go over there.
I’m excited.
I’ll follow, just wait, okay?
And before we call on ArClea
of course we would like
to thank our sponsors.
Ladies and gentlemen.
Let’s welcome, everyone!
One of the rising actor—
but sadly, our leading lady,
Clea Aguilar won’t make it today.
But let us all welcome the leading man
of the upcoming film, Falling Like A Star,
Larkin Sanchez!
♪ Staring in the mirror, ♪
♪ so much has changed in me. ♪
♪ It’s not as heavy now. ♪
♪ Everything’s fallen into place. ♪
♪ I’ve finally met my match. ♪
♪ I never imagined, I would meet someone ♪
♪ in the most unexpected way. ♪
♪ I find myself smiling again, ♪
♪ and you are the reason for it. ♪
♪ - The color’s returning to my world. ♪
- I love you, Arkin!
♪ I find myself smiling again. ♪
♪ I find myself smiling again—- ♪
Oh my gosh! What a surprise!
Clea Aguilar in the house!
♪ The color’s returning to my world. ♪
♪ I find myself smiling again. ♪
♪ I find myself smiling again—- ♪
♪ I’ve already given up once. ♪
♪ I was drowning in sadness. ♪
♪ Forget about the past, ♪
♪ there’s a new reason now. ♪
♪ I’ll be by your side forever. ♪
I never imagined, I would meet someone.
And to think, you were his duet
partner in school back then.
That’s in the past.
♪ ...unexpected way. ♪
♪ I find myself smiling again. ♪
There you have it everyone,
Larkin Sanchez and Clea Aguilar!
- Thank you so much.
- Thank you very much.
All right, the song is over.
So why are you still holding hands?
I’m sorry. Force of habit.
Larkin, are you trying to court Clea?
Wait, someone is asking.
Larkin,
are you trying to court Clea?
No, not yet, nothing like that.
Not yet?
So will it happen?
No, no.
We just work well together.
And honestly,
I hope I get to work with him
more in the future because
he’s really fun to be with.
That’s how love teams that
end up together usually start.
Seriously, Larkin?
You’re not gonna court her?
You’re single, right?
I’m single.
Hey! What’s with that look, huh?
Clea and I aren’t thinking about that yet.
We’re still getting to know each other and
I hope to work with her
more in the future because,
as we all know, this is Clea Aguilar,
she’s really talented!
Wow, look at those smiles.
I’m sure next time backstage,
you’ll be saying something different to me.
Right, guys?
You’re really amazing,
no wonder you have so many fans!
Via, Via!
Maybe it’s a good idea to leave early.
You know, it’s kind of funny.
ArClea already has so many fans.
Yeah, it looks like they’re really
taking care of their partnership.
Kino’s management even had him delete
the pictures of us together
from his social media.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
And there aren’t any pictures of you
on Arkin’s private account either.
They really need to be careful now
that he’s in a love team with Clea.
Yeah. I mean, that’s fair.
If something gets out,
they could get bashed.
And the bashers these
days really go for it.
So, it makes sense.
I think Arkin is just
looking out for you too.
Hey, did you see that?
Hey, that’s…
Come on, let’s go quickly,
that’s what we were looking for.
Via.
Why are you here?
Don’t you have something planned today?
I do.
The driver will just pick me up later
because I’m going to a party.
About what happened earlier with Clea,
that was management’s order,
you know, just for promo.
Yeah, I know.
I understand, and you’re right.
You’re single, right?
Kino, you know what?
I want to keep you all to myself,
away from your fangirls.
But I know that’s part of your job.
Just tell me if you can’t
take it anymore, okay?
I’m sorry.
Thank you.
My movie is showing on Wednesday.
It’s okay if you don’t watch it.
But of course,
I’d be happy if you see
all the hard work I put into it.
Of course.
I’ll definitely watch it.
Our friends already made plans.
Wow, there are so many people!
Our best friend is famous now.
Let’s go!
Hurry up.
- Arkin is really something, huh?
- Right?
- I’m getting excited.
- This is it!
This is it, Via.
We’re sorry.
- Can I have some?
- Popcorn?
It hasn’t even started yet
and it’s almost finished.
Ke, you know this
is my favorite, right?
Wow, there’s so
many people. It’s crazy.
What flavor?
Yeah, it feels like a
Christmas Film Festival.
Hey! I heard there’s
a kissing scene?
There is?
Via, does Arkin even know
how to kiss?
Of course.
You know, in the
interview they said
we should watch
and find out.
- You know what? Clea is glowing.
- It’s a surprise!
I was with her
and Giselle two days ago.
She really looks in love.
- It’s starting!
- Arkin!
Arkin!
Wait.
I love you.
I love you!
I don’t want to hide
how I feel anymore.
I’m tired of avoiding you,
avoiding us.
I want to work things out.
I’m not afraid anymore,
even if it hurts me.
You’re the one I want.
I’m sure that
you’re the one I want.
That’s a lot of fans.
I love you too.
From then until now.
I promise I will never hurt you.
- He doesn’t know how to kiss.
- What?
- Hey!
The fans are going
to get mad, you’re so loud.
That wasn’t in the script.
Via.
Are you okay?
Huh?
You know,
let’s just eat out later.
It’s okay. It’s just a movie.
It doesn’t look good.
- Sevi!
- What?
Me? But Arkin is the one
who’s bad at kissing.
- Exactly. Yeah—
- Eat more.
Hi.
Hey, man! We already ate.
Here comes the Box Office King!
- Have a seat.
- Sit down! Eat!
Sorry, we ate first.
Thank you.
Sorry, I couldn’t join
the screening.
I had a talkback session.
We actually thought
you weren’t coming
because of that
talkback session.
The other one was cancelled.
Well, Sam said you guys
were going to eat,
so I tagged along.
That’s good to hear.
So, how was the movie?
It was great, dude!
I even got all giddy.
But why do you kiss like that?
You look like an idiot.
You didn’t even practice.
You’re the idiot! Jerk!
So this is how
Larkin Sanchez talks?
You know, I should
have recorded this.
- Then I’ll spread it.
- You’re gonna get cancelled.
- That’s Larkin Sanchez.
- Go ahead, bash him!
Hey, I’ve got a new life now.
I’m an actor now.
Cancel, cancel.
New life, huh?
He even walks differently.
Via.
How’s the movie?
It was good.
Even the cinematography
was good.
But it feels like something
changed, you know?
Something was added.
Do you want to talk?
Do you want to go out first?
Okay.
Let’s go.
We’re gonna go.
- Huh? You’re leaving already?
- Huh?
- Why? Stay here!
- Just let them be.
Let them be.
- Bye! Talk it out.
- Bye!
Enjoy.
He’s really bad at kissing.
It’s different when
you’re a superstar, huh?
Yeah.
- He could have at least tried a little—
- Wow.
- Yeah, his style.
- It’s different now, right?
Should I teach him?
So what are we
going to talk about?
Let’s talk upstairs.
You go first,
someone might see us.
Okay.
Is it wrong if I want to be selfish,
even just this once?
I want to have a place in his life,
more than just a friend.
I want to have the right
to keep him to myself.
Is that allowed?
Via,
these are gifts from the fans.
What?
There are so many of these already.
Via?
Kino, I can’t do this anymore.
I don’t want to be just a friend.
Via, I love you.
Let’s stop being friends now.
Jeez!
Sir Alvarez is really annoying.
It’s so hard
passing plates to him.
He always wants revisions.
Oh my gosh,
it felt like he just wanted me
to redo the whole thing.
Via, what did he say to you?
Huh?
Same with me,
he’s making me revise a lot too.
Good morning.
Take care today. I love you!
You take care too.
I love you too.
Don’t let yourself
get hungry, okay?
Stay hydrated, listen in class,
be careful on the way home.
And don’t replace me
with someone else.
You’re being
too dramatic.
Fine. I’ll see you tonight.
Hey!
Try holding her again.
You'll get what you deserve.
Cut!
Next! Move! Come on.
Thank you.
Phone, my phone.
You’re being too dramatic.
Fine. I’ll see you tonight.
You’re in
a good mood today, Sir.
I wonder who
you’re texting, Sir Larkin.
She’s got revisions but she
looks like she’s on cloud nine.
I bet she’s just in love.
Oh, no need to bet.
It’s obvious.
She’s been in love since before.
Huh?
What?
I just woke up in a good mood.
- I felt happy this morning, that’s all.
- Good mood, huh?
I just woke up in a good mood.
Oh, so you woke up
in a good mood.
I think he deserves to treat us.
Yeah, treat us to coffee, sir.
How about some matcha, sir?
Do you guys
want snacks? My treat.
- Sure. Since it’s your treat.
- Oh, wow.
- She’s treating us, right?
- I’ll stay near you.
Let’s go. Come on!
All right, write down what you
want and I’ll take care of it.
Matcha for me, okay?
Matcha, okay?
Spanish latte for me.
Careful, be careful.
What’s this?
Just go straight,
straight ahead.
Hey, hey. Okay.
All right, stop., right here.
- One, two, three—
- Okay.
Surprise!
Wow!
Well?
Well, well, well.
You prepared this?
When did you learn to do this?
Where’d you learn it?
I watched how our
art department set things up.
in one of our scenes on set.
Then I just copied it.
But the caldereta and adobo,
I cooked those myself.
I asked Mama to teach me.
Here, taste this first.
Let’s try it.
Well?
Why?
Good thing you’re
good at singing, huh?
Is it… Is it that bad?
I’m kidding.
I’m just kidding.
It’s good, Kino.
I got nervous for a second.
Here.
You’re good.
There you go.
Cheers.
By the way, Via
I’m sorry.
Why? For what?
I’m sorry because our first date
is just here in the condo.
We can’t even go out.
Kino.
I know why
we have to do this.
It’s okay with me that
only the two of us know
everything for now.
We don’t need anyone
else’s permission, right?
And besides, I’m happy
with your dinner setup,
with your caldereta,
your adobo so—
don’t worry,
you don’t need to apologize.
I understand.
Via, when I say
I’m single in interviews,
please don’t take it
the wrong way, okay?
If my manager tells me to do
or say things for publicity,
please don’t get mad.
I’ll make it up to you.
And please always
remember those things…
I’m not doing them
because I want to.
I also don’t want to
drag you into my spotlight
because I know
you’re trying to avoid it.
Just don’t be too sweet with
other people off-cam, okay?
When I see pictures
of you and Clea,
I get jealous.
You get jealous!
You get jealous.
And you’re so happy about it!
Don’t worry too much, okay?
We’re only sweet on-cam.
When it’s just the two of us,
we’re not sweet at all.
Clea and I are just friends.
Thanks for clearing that up.
By the way,
my Meet and Greet
is next week.
Are you going?
That’s the thing.
Kino, I still have so
many projects to submit.
I might not make it.
Maybe next time? I’m sorry.
It’s fine. It’s just a simple
Meet and Greet anyway.
Maybe you can come to
the bigger events instead.
Go to those, okay?
So? Let’s eat.
What do you want,
adobo or this one first?
Caldereta first.
Caldereta first? Okay.
Thank you.
And rice?
Just a bit.
Just a bit of rice?
Yeah, just a bit.
Via, are you joining
Arkin’s fan club?
I actually want to,
because I want to go
to Kino’s Meet and Greet.
If you’re a member of
the fan club,
there’s a special perk.
And you know, it’s also
a way to support Kino.
Then I’ll join too.
Really?
You’re okay with it?
Will you come with me?
What are you talking about,
I’d do anything for you.
So here’s what we’ll do,
we’ll join his fan club, then
we’ll go to his Meet and Greet.
Oh, and you know what,
I’ll invite Kierra too.
She’ll definitely come.
All right, let’s see.
Oh my god, there’s even a quiz
before you can
enter Kino’s fan club.
Wait, his favorite color…
Red.
Favorite flavor—
It’s Via and Luna. Hi!
- Hi!
- What are you two doing?
- Huh?
What are you doing there?
See?
- Hey.
- Hey!
Wow, they’re joining
Larkin Sanchez’s fan club.
Oh, so you’re Rhythmics too?
We’re going to Larkin’s Meet
and Greet next week.
That’s also when he’ll drop
his first single, right?
Are you guys going?
Let’s all go together.
That’s great.
We can go together.
Okay, let’s all go
there together.
What are your stan accounts?
We’ll follow you.
Is that required?
Of course, girl.
News spreads
so fast on social media,
and you’ll get to interact
with a lot of fans.
Don’t you want that?
Make one already so
you have a place to let out
your feelings about Larkin.
Okay, okay. I’ll create one.
What would be a good username…
Oh, I know.
@larkinsings.
Cute, right?
Via, what’s your username?
Right?
Username: olivyours.
Oh…
That’s cute.
That’s so sweet.
We already made ours.
I swear, this is the first time I’ve
ever gotten jealous of a tumbler.
Wait, am I still normal?
He just smiled like that
and I already wanna cry.
So this is what
Kino’s fans are like.
Larkin Sanchez, messy era.
Wow, Luna’s posts already
have so many engagements.
“An ArClea fanfic
where Arkin and Clea
are childhood best friends,
and Arkin has secretly been in love
with her for a long time.”
I think it’s better if
I don’t read stuff like that.
Can you share your
most embarrassing moment?
My most embarrassing moment?
I’ve done a lot of
embarrassing things in my life,
but maybe the time I confessed
to my crush while crying,
and she rejected me.
Yeah, I think that’s my most
embarrassing moment so far.
What do you think
your crush would say now
that you’re famous?
Do you have a message for her?
My message…
My message is,
thank you for molding me
into who I am today,
and always take care.
That’s it. Thank you.
I already loved him even
before he became famous.
Hey, Via!
Arkin’s something else, huh?
Everyone’s cheering so loudly.
Right? There are
so many people already.
What about Ke?
Is she coming?
She said she’s busy.
You know how it is.
She seems okay though.
Hopefully.
At least she’s opening up now.
Yeah, I just don’t want
what happened
with Miguel to happen again.
Hello!
Let’s all chill for a bit, okay?
Larkin’s not here yet.
But for now, let’s play
a trivia game about him.
Do you want that?
- Yes!
Okay, I’ll start
calling the players.
Do your best, there’s a prize.
Who wants to go first?
Here! Here!
She’s a fangirl! She’s a fangirl!
- All right, you with glasses, come here.
- Luna, you’re crazy!
Who else?
Wow, your hair is amazing.
- Who else?
- Me!
Okay, you, quiet girl,
come here.
Okay now…
Girls, I’ll just ask you
questions about Larkin,
are you all ready?
Okay, first question,
where did Larkin
go to high school?
Valeria High.
Valeria High is correct!
Yes! Yes!
Okay, second question,
what’s Larkin’s favorite food?
She’s so fast. Go for it.
Caldereta.
Caldereta?
Caldereta is correct!
She’s on fire, she seems
to really know Larkin.
Next question, what’s Larkin’s
favorite street food?
Kikiam!
Kikiam?
- Kikiam.
- You’re wrong!
- Are you sure?
- Kikiam.
Kikiam is wrong!
Anyone want to steal?
Okay, blue shirt girl.
Betamax.
Betamax, huh? Is she right?
Betamax is correct!
But he doesn’t eat betamax.
How would you know?
The internet said
it was his favorite.
Well, maybe the
internet’s wrong,
because he doesn’t
actually eat betamax.
Guys, there’s a
debate going on here.
We’ll find out later what Larkin’s
favorite street food really is.
We’ll ask him.
For now, you win, girl!
Where’s the prize?
She has a prize.
For your effort, here’s your prize,
a poster of Larkin.
- Congratulations!
- Thanks.
Let’s give her
a round of applause!
But kikiam really is his
favorite street food.
- Yes!
- Yeah!
Hey! Via!
He doesn’t actually
eat betamax, you know.
Kikiam really is his favorite.
So why—
No need to be so mad.
Would you fight over a poster?
But it’s true, kikiam
really is his favorite.
- Right?
- Yeah, that’s true.
All right! Rhythmics,
are you ready to meet
the man of the hour?
Let’s all welcome,
Larkin Sanchez!
Love you!
♪ Left thinking in
the midst of the chaos, ♪
♪ utterly bewildered
by these feelings. ♪
♪ I can't tell if this is a dream, ♪
♪ as if my heart
was playing in the heavens. ♪
♪ In the daylight you are there, ♪
♪ beside me, and I gaze at you. ♪
♪ I don't know anymore, ♪
♪ I get confused
whenever I'm with you in… ♪
♪ A golden scenery
beneath the sky, ♪
♪ having you with me. ♪
♪ As the wind blows,
along with the song, ♪
♪ I feel your hand. ♪
♪ May my prayer be heard,
that you love me in return. ♪
♪ The orange sky cannot be
forced to give your love. ♪
Go, Larkin!
Thanks so much
to everyone who came.
That was my single,
Golden Scenery.
I hope you liked it.
It’s about someone who
wants to confess their feelings
to their closest friend but—
but at the same time is too
scared to risk their friendship.
Even so, he’s still hoping
their relationship
can grow into something
more than friendship.
That’s nice to hear, Larkin!
Let’s give
a round of applause, guys.
Larkin, question.
What inspired that song?
Or who was it about?
It’s about my friend who still
can’t confess their feelings.
Really now?
Audrey? Audrey, okay. Audrey.
Congratulations.
While you’re
signing there, Arkin,
we just want
to ask you something
because we’ve been
arguing about this
question for a while now.
What’s your
favorite street food?
Is it betamax?
Wait right there.
Kikiam. I don’t eat betamax.
Kikiam. So the girl was right!
Here’s the girl!
- Here she is.
- Where is she?
So this is the girl?
- There she is.
- You’re amazing, girl!
You know everything.
- Wow.
- You’re basically Wikipedia.
Hell yeah!
She’s my friend, that’s why.
Hi, what’s your name?
Rye.
Rye?
It’s spelled R-Y-E.
Okay.
Thank you.
Shake hands?
Okay! Okay, idol!
All right!
You know what?
Your initials are sorta
like an anagram to “idol.”
Cool, right?
- Wow, right?
- You’re right.
Yeah. Move over there now.
All right, thank you.
Ouch!
Via!
- Hey! Are you okay?
- Miss, be care—
- Are you hurt? You good?
- No, I’m fine.
- You sure you’re okay?
- Yeah.
Miss! Be careful!
Huh?
- You okay?
- I’m fine.
I’m fine, I’m okay.
You really are my idol!
Seriously,
you’re such a gentleman.
Miss, take care, okay?
But wow,
you’re really lucky today!
Like, honestly,
you’re way up there now.
Take care, okay?
- Take care, sissy.
- So cute.
All right.
- Just be careful.
- Cute, huh? Such a gentleman.
- Take care now, up next please.
- Take care. All right.
Next up! Come here, Larkin.
Be careful please.
Hi, what’s your name?
I’m supposed to be
your girlfriend, not her.
But you really
are my girlfriend.
How many times
did you guys kiss?
Why are you laughing?
Just three times because
they needed different angles.
“Just?”
Just three? Just three?
I’m sorry.
But you were still
the first person I ever kissed.
And the one
with Clea was just work.
You kissed me once
but kissed her three times.
Well, it looks like
I’m the colleague here.
She’s got more kisses than me.
All right,
I’ll make it up to you now.
How many kisses
do you want, huh?
One million? One billion?
One trillion? How many?
Okay, let’s start with three.
Since you already got one.
So three.
One.
Two.
Three.
So you’re ahead by three now.
Really?
Yeah.
- Okay.
We’re good now, right?
I need to be ahead.
Huh?
Yeah, you are.
Kino!
Ow!
By the way, I saw on the news…
Looks like you’re being linked
to your love team partner.
Are you two a couple?
Pa, we have
something to tell you.
I just want to know so...
So I’m aware, so I’m ready if-
Ready for what?
So, Arkin, what’s the
real deal between you and Clea?
I’m sure a lot of your fans are curious.
Can’t you just tell it to me straight?
Have some mercy on me.
For my first song,
this is the very
first song I ever wrote.
I don’t know if you’ve
heard this one before.
♪ Left thinking in the
midst of the chaos, ♪
♪ Painting the beauty— ♪